Add NEWS.md to data.atmosphere (#3295)
PecanProject/pecan: modules/data.atmosphere/NEWS.md

# PEcAn.data.atmosphere 1.7.2.9000

## Fixed

* Extensive code cleanup and fixes to function documentation [@moki1202, ; @meetagrawal, #3212; @aariq, #3055; @Its-Maniaco, #2954]
* Retired packages `maptools` and `rgdal` are no longer imported [@istfer, #3228]
* Unit conversion now uses `PEcAn.utils::ud_convert` to avoid relying on orphaned package `udunits2` [@nanu1695, #2989]
* `download.MERRA()` now respects `overwrite = FALSE` [@meetagrawal09, #3169]
* `download.MERRA()` can now find data from September of 2020 [@KristinaRiemer, #2888]
* `download.Fluxnet2015()` now gives a more useful message when passed a malformed URL [@meetagrawal, #3130]

## Added

* Newly supported met data sources:
	- ERA5 via `ERA5_met_process()` [@DongchenZ, #2886]
	- NOAA GEFS via `download_NOAA_GEFS_EFI()` [@helge22a, #3174]

> 		(replaces NOAA_GEFS_downscale?)

Reviewer: No, doesn't replace. The EFI version can only grab files for the subset of sites on data.ecoforecast.org, which at the moment is just NEON. We still need to maintain the original GEFS download functions for all other sites

> 	- NOAA GEFS via `download_NOAA_GEFS_EFI()` [@helge22a, #3174]
> 		(replaces NOAA_GEFS_downscale?)

Author: ```suggestion
	- NOAA GEFS data hosted by the Ecological Forecasting Initiative, via `download_NOAA_GEFS_EFI()` [@helge22a, #3174] (For GEFS data directly from NOAA, continue to use `download.NOAA_GEFS`)
```

	- ICOS?
	- MERRA?

> * half-hourly downscaling via `downscale_*_to_half_hrly()`?

Reviewer: I'm not sure about these 3. What PRs were they associated with?

Author: Hmm, looks like all of these were added prior to the 1.7.2 release:
* ICOS: https://github.com/PecanProject/pecan/pull/2813
* MERRA: https://github.com/PecanProject/pecan/pull/2725
* half-hourly: https://github.com/PecanProject/pecan/pull/2800

I'll remove and let people find them in the big changelog.

> 	- ICOS?
> 	- MERRA?
> * half-hourly downscaling via `downscale_*_to_half_hrly()`?

Author: ```suggestion
```
